# Documentation (WIP)

When you render millions of static pages, you don't want to rerender all of them each time.
SSSX enables you to finetune which pages has to be updated and when.

## General Types

### Route

`Route` – an abstract object that contains request, name of the route, generated path using `Permalink`.

### Request

`Request` – is a literal object generated by `all`, `updates`, `removals` functions inside `route.ts`. It's recommended to have `slug` and created and modified date objects inside `Requests`'s object.

### Permalink

`Permalink` – a string literal or function that consumes `Request` object and returns a path. For example

```typescript
export const permalink = (r: Request = { slug: 'hello' }) => `/${r.slug}/`;
```

or same version using string format

```typescript
expost const permalink = `/:slug/`
```

## DataModule

`DataModule` – is a typescript declaration of the `route.ts` file defined by a developer, and provides interface to call `all`, `updates`, `removals`, `permalink`, `data` methods.

### dynamic

`dynamic` – is a special script that is updated during each build and update. It's injected in each page for a given `route`.

### all

`all` – method of the `DatModule` that returns array of all existing `Request`s for given route.

### updates

`updates` – method of the `DatModule` that returns array of `Request`s for given route that have to be updated, without rebuidling whole website. Using timestamp in the requests or any other logic to define which pages have to be rerendered is why SSSX cool.

### removals

`removals` – same as above, but determine pages that have to be automatically deleted.

### data

`data` - a method that consumes single `Request` and geneates all data required for page to be rendered. SSSX also uses this method to inter return types inside `index.svelte`.

## SSRModule

`SSRModule` – is a typescript representation of a `index.svelte` compiled to JavaScript using `SSR` mode, so SSSX can generate HTML out of it later.

## CLI

TBD

## Errors

TBD

## Development

TBD

## Publishing

TBD
